
--SIGN IN APP
we can use Android Studio to manually generate signed APKs, either one at a time, or for multiple build variants at once. 
Instead of manually signing APKs, you can also configure your Gradle build settings to handle signing automatically during the build process. 

To manually sign your APK for release in Android Studio, follow these steps:
	 1.In the menu bar, click Build > Generate Signed APK.
	 2.Select the module you would like to release from the drop down, and click Next.
	 3.If you already have a keystore, go to step 5. If you want to create a new keystore, click Create new.
	 4.On the New Key Store window, provide the following information for your keystore and key
	Key store path: Select the location where your keystore should be created.
	Password: Create and confirm a secure password for your keystore.

Key
--Alias: Enter an identifying name for your key.
--Password: Create and confirm a secure password for your key. This should be different from the password you chose for your keystore
--Validity (years): Set the length of time in years that your key will be valid. Your key should be valid for at least 25 years, 
			so you can sign app updates with the same key through the lifespan of your app.
--Certificate: Enter some information about yourself for your certificate. This information is not displayed in your app, 
			but is included in your certificate as part of the APK.Once you complete the form, click OK.

	 5.On the Generate Signed APK Wizard window, select a keystore, a private key, and enter the passwords for both.
	 (If you created your keystore in the last step, these fields are already populated for you.) Then click Next.
	 6.On the next window, select a destination for the signed APK(s), select the build type, (if applicable) choose the product flavor(s), and click Finish.

--When the process completes, you will find your signed APK in the destination folder you selected above. 
	You may now distribute your signed APK through an app marketplace like the Google Play Store, or using the mechanism of your choice.

--CONFIGURE THE BUILD PROCESS TO AUTOMATICALLY SIGN OUR APK
	In Android Studio, you can configure your project to sign your release APK automatically during the build process by creating a signing configuration and assigning it to your release build type. 
	A signing configuration consists of a keystore location, keystore password, key alias, and key password.
  --To create a signing configuration and assign it to your release build type using Android Studio, use the following steps:
	1.In the Project window, right click on your app and click Open Module Settings.
	2.On the Project Structure window, under Modules in the left panel, click the module you would like to sign.
	3.Click the Signing tab, then click Add+.
	4.Select your keystore file, enter a name for this signing configuration (as you may create more than one), and enter the required information.
	5.Click the Build Types tab.
	6.Click the release build.
	7.Under Signing Config, select the signing configuration you just created.
	8.Click OK.
